---
creation date: 2022-08-01 16:02
tags: Journal 2022
---

modification date: *<%+ tp.file.last_modified_date("dddd Do MMMM YYYY HH:mm:ss") %>*

# Journal for 2022-08-01

<< [[2022-07-29]] | [[2022-08-02]]>>

So it's been three days since I wrote in here, but that's actually good.
After the emotional rollercoaster of last week, I ust say from Friday onwards, things were actually calm and nice.

Had a wee drink/party with V and G on Friday to (early) celebrate my b'day and then recovery on Saturday, where one of new 24" Samsung curved panels arrived plus the arm for 2 screens.
(what an improvement in quality!!)

Then on Sunday (yesterday) we had a really meal at V's mums house and I got 2 T-Shirts and a new (Matrix) Collectible for my wall.

And then finally today the 2nd Panel arrived and **they look *gorgeous*** so glad I made that decision, one big curve in NVidia Surround 3868p*x*1080p@72Hz, just glorious. Specially considering that I came from an ex-TV that had less than 1080p (after overscan) and a terrible pixel resolution.

So I suppose thanks are in order to Dad. But I have already sent my thanks to everyone that messaged me and I also left a status update.

And again, after the rollercoaster, this weekend has been soo amazing that I feel proud in my decision to have left Germany, and to have found a family-life (that I secretly always wanted, despite all my protestations to the contrary) after all.

It goes to show: Perseverance is really worth it.. or as the scriptures would put it `Endure until the end!` really has value.